Mostly Asked:

what is a decorator in python. explain it with example.
what is the difference between a dict comprehension, dict comprehension and a generator?
what is the difference between a list and a tuple?
how is memory managed in python?
what is the difference between a generator and an iterator?
what is __init__ in python?
what is the difference between a library and a module in python?
Difference between range and xrange in python?
Whai is generator? Explain it with example.
What are in-build data types in python?

Commonly asked questions

What is ternary operators in python?
What is inheritance? How it achieved in python?
What is global and local variables in python?
Explain Break, Continue, and Pass keywords in python?
What is self keywords in python?
What is the difference between pickling and unpickling?
Explain functions of list, tuple, set and dict?
What is python iterator?
Explain type conversion in python. [int(), float(), str(), oct()]
What is difference between *args and **Kwargs? Explain in detail.
What is the purpose of "open" and "with" statement in python?
Explain different ways to read and write a file in python?
What is PythonPath?
How Exception is handling in python?[try, except, finally, else]
What is the difference between Python 2.0 and Python 3.0?
What is pip in python?
Where is python used?
How to use "F" string and format or replacement operator in python?
What is the difference between abstraction and encapsulation?
How to get the list of all the Keys in a dictionary?


Tricky questions

Does python support multiple inheritance? If yes, explain.
How to initialize empty list, empty set, empty tuple, and empty dictionary without using their actual name?
What is the difference between .py and .pyc in python?
How slicing work in string manipulation in python?{ [::-1] }
How can we concatenate two tuple?
What is the diffrenec between python array and python list?
What is the difference between _a, __a, and __a__ in python?
How to read Multiple values from a single input? [split()]
How to copy and delete a dictionary? [imp]
What is the difference between Anonymous and Lambda function?

Advanced Question
How to achieve multi-processing and multi-threading in python?
What is GIL (Global Interpretor Lock)?
How class and object are created in python?
Explain recursion and use it to reverse a list.
Explain namespace and it's types in python?
What are unit tests in python?
How to use MAP, FILTER, and REDUCE in python?
How an object is copied in python?
What is monkey paching in python?
What is the difference between shallow copy and deep copy?
What is operator overloading and dunder method?
Explain or WAP(Write a program) to display a particular patteren.
